verify a contract (#141)
gochain/web3: README.md

* FILENAME - the name of the .sol file, eg: `hello.sol`
* SOLC_VERSION - the version of the solc compiler

### Flatten a smart contract

Sometimes to verify a contract you have to flatten it before.

```sh
web3 contract flatten FILENAME.sol -o OUTPUT_FILE
```

**Parameters:**

* FILENAME - the name of the .sol file, eg: `hello.sol`

* OUTPUT_FILE (optional) - the output file

> 

Reviewer: Left over?

Author: yep, forgot to commit last time

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be removed?

**Parameters:**

* ADDRESS_HASH - hash of the address

### Verify a smart contract to a block explorer

```sh
web3 contract verify --explorer-api EXPLORER_API_URL --address CONTRACT_ADDRESS  --contract-name CONTRACT_NAME FILENAME.sol
```

**Parameters:**

> * EXPLORER_API_URL - url to block explorer API (eg https://testnet-explorer.gochain.io/api), you could also use -testnet instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EXPLORER_API_URL - URL for block explorer API (eg https://testnet-explorer.gochain.io/api) - Optional for GoChain networks, which use `{testnet-}explorer.gochain.io` by default.
```
